you learn in this section.
Now, before you get started, I want to give you a few hints.
Here is a formula for calculating the mortgage
or the monthly payments.
I found this page on wikihau.com.
It's called Calculate Mortgage Payments.
So let's see how this works.
Mortgage equals P or principal or the amount we're
going to loan multiplied by R, which is our monthly interest
increased the readability of this code.
Otherwise, this line would be so long.
But that's the formula.
Hey, Marsh here, complete Java series.
In this course, we only talk about the basics.
But in my complete series, we go way beyond that.
So if you're serious about Java, if you're looking for a job
as a Java developer, I highly encourage you
to enroll in my comp.